[docs] adjusted the code example for quickFilterValues (#12919)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/filtering/quick-filter.md

    filter: {
      filterModel: {
        items: [],

>         quickFilterValues: ['ab'],

Reviewer: Should we still somehow enforce that `quickFilterValues` is of type `string[]` and spaces in quick filter are used as delimiter to generate this array (which will somehow get hidden by this change)?

Author: sry for the late reply. 🙇🏼 
Maybe we could also use a more static dataset like the movie data. 
Randomized row values could potentially lead to empty results when we initialize them.

WDYT @MBilalShafi ?

Reviewer: > sry for the late reply. 🙇🏼

Likewise 😄 

> Maybe we could also use a more static dataset like the movie data.

Yes, that could even be better. What I meant though was adding a callout above or below this demo which says something like:

```js
:::info
The values entered in quick filter field are delimited using space to generate `quickFilterValues` array which is used in quick filtering.

For example, if you type `quick filter` in the field, it'd be passed as `['quick', 'filter']` to the `filterModel.quickFilterValues`.
:::
```

Author: @MBilalShafi I did change a few more thing:
- switched to movie data for the first 3 examples
- changed description for the `excludeHiddenColumns` prop a bit due to a change in logic
- added a `valueFormatter` to the movie data `year` column since it did show it in number format `'2,017'` instead of in 'year-format' `'2017'`

/>
```

> In the demo below, try hiding the `company` column. You'll only see 5 results because rows where the `company` value is `'Warner Bros.'` are excluded.

Reviewer: Unless you want to show it by default
```suggestion
In the demo below, the `company` column is hidden. You'll only see 5 results because rows where the `company` value is `'Warner Bros.'` are excluded.
```
